CKFinder License
================
http://ckfinder.com
Copyright (C) 2007-2009, CKSource - Frederico Knabben. All rights reserved.

This license (the "License") is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) and Frederico Knabben ("CKSource")
covering the use, installation, copying or distribution of CKFinder.

Please read the license terms below. If you do not agree to all of the terms
and conditions of this License, then do not use, install, copy, or distribute
CKFinder. In addition, if you paid a license fee to CKSource or an authorized
CKSource reseller, you may return to CKSource a copy of the registration
code, and a signed Affidavit of De-Installation and Non-Use within fifteen (15)
days after purchase, for a full refund of the license fee, detracted of any
purchase specific fees and expenses already paid or to be paid by CKSource,
including refund related costs.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. Your Agreement to this License

This License applies to the CKFinder code and any accompanying distributable
files, data and materials. You should carefully read the following terms and
conditions before using, installing, copying, or distributing CKFinder. Unless
otherwise agreed in a writing signed by CKSource, your use, installation,
copying, or distribution of CKFinder indicates your acceptance of this License.

The terms and conditions of this License describe the permitted use of each
Licensed Copy of CKFinder and non licensed copies of CKFinder for demonstration
purposes.

2. Scope of License

Subject to the terms of this License, CKSource grants to you, for each
Licensed Copy, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free,
license to use, install, copy or distribution CKFinder.

All rights of any kind in CKFinder which are not expressly granted in this
License are entirely and exclusively reserved to and by CKSource. CKFinder is
protected by applicable national and international laws and treaties.

You may use, install, copy and distribute CKFinder solely as expressly provided
in this License. You may not rent, lease, loan, sublicense, modify, translate,
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based on,
CKFinder, in whole or in part, nor permit anyone else to do so. You may not
make access to CKFinder available to others in connection with a service
bureau, application service provider, or similar business, nor permit anyone
else to do so.

It is agreed that in exchange for the license set forth herein, you will pay a
onetime license fee. The fee value will be specified in the CKFinder official
web site at the moment of the purchase.

3. License Models

When purchasing a license, you will have the option to choose one of the
following models, which restricts your rights of usage and integration of
CKFinder under the terms of this license:

    a. Web Site: you may integrate CKFinder in one web site (the "Web Site").
       The Web Site domain URL must be specified at the moment of the purchase.
       The license will not be valid for sub-domains of the specified Web Site
       domain URL.

    b. Corporate Web Sites: you may integrate CKFinder in any number of web
       sites owned or produced by you ("Corporate Web Sites). The license will
       not be valid for sites produced by third party with software produced by
       you.

    c. OEM: you may integrate CKFinder in one of your software products (the
       "Product"). The "Product" name must be specified at the moment of the
       purchase. You will have a perpetual, royalty free, license to distribute
       CKFinder as integrating part of the "Product".

License fees may be different depending on the license model.

4. License Validity

This license is valid only if the Web Site, Corporate Web Sites or Product is a
work that uses CKFinder, and doesnï¿½t go in competition with CKFinder in the
marketplace.

5. Unlicensed Copies

If you did not pay for a license, you may use unlicensed copies of CKFinder for
the exclusive purpose of demonstration. In this case you will be using CKFinder
in "demo mode". Without derogating from the forgoing, you may not use CKFinder
in "demo mode" for commercial purposes. CKFinder shall be used only for
evaluation purposes and may not be used or disclosed for any other purposes,
including without limitation, external distribution or software development.
You may not remove demo notices from the interface nor disable the ability to
display such notices or otherwise modify CKFinder. Product support is not
offered for CKFinder in "demo mode".

6. Upgrades

CKSource will provide you with free upgrades of CKFinder for a period that
begins on the purchase date and ends 365 days later. Such upgrades will include
any upgrades for CKFinder that are released by CKSource for general
distribution to CKFinder licensees during the one year period for which you are
entitled to receive free upgrades. CKSource has no obligation to provide you
with any upgrades that are not released for general distribution to
CKSource's other licensees. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
obligate CKSource to provide upgrades to you under any circumstances.

7. Source Code

The original source code ("Source Code") of CKFinder may be distributed by
CKSource alongside with the executable version of it, or as integral part of
it. Source Code files are clearly identified in the header of their contents.
Other files are not part of the Source Code.

You may modify and compile the Source Code. The Source Code or its modified
version can be copied and distributed exclusively in respect to the scope of
this license, as defined in the "License Model" terms of this license, as long
as a valid license has been purchased for the distribution target. CKSource
retains all rights over the Source Code and all parts of it present on modified
versions of it. Redistributions of the Source Code and modified versions of it
must contain the original headers and copyright notices. Modifications to the
Source Code must be explicitly and entirely identified in the Source Code
files. This section of the license supersedes all modification restrictions
imposed by other sections of it.

8. Reservation of Rights and Ownership

CKSource reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this License.
CKFinder is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and
treaties. CKSource owns the title, copyright, and other intellectual property
rights in CKFinder, its files and its Source Code. CKFinder is licensed, not
sold. This License does not grant you any rights to trademarks or service
CKFinder marks.

9. Termination

Without prejudice to any other rights, CKSource may terminate this License if
you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this License. In such
event, your right to use, install, copy and distribute CKFinder terminates
automatically and you must then destroy all copies of CKFinder in your
possession.

10. Warranty

CKSource represents and warrants that he has full title and ownership to
CKFinder and has the authority to grant the license hereunder. To the best of
CKSource's knowledge CKFinder does not infringe upon the intellectual
property rights of any third party and that he did not receive any notice
regarding any alleged infringement thereof.

11. Disclaimer of Warranties

CKFinder and its related material are provided "AS IS" and without warranty of
any kind and the Owner expressly disclaims all other warranties, expressed or
implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

12. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CKSOURCE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS
OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL
INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD
FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR
OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE CKFINDER, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR
OTHER SERVICES, INFORMATON, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH CKFINDER OR
OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF CKFINDER, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF
CONTRACT, AND EVEN IF CKSOURCE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

13. Limitation of Liability

In no vent shall CKSource's liability exceed the license fee paid, if any.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
